The code in this directory is responsible for parsing the tokens generated by the scanner library into an abstract syntax tree (AST). 

Unlike most languages, parsing is split into two stages: a line-based parser that generates a command with arguments, and an expression parser that generates an AST for any expressions found in the arguments.

Some commands may not use the expression parser at all and instead treat their arguments as raw strings, while other commands may choose to use a custom expression parser for some or all of their arguments.  This allows for a lot of flexibility in how commands can be defined and used.

# Line-based Parser

The line-based parser works more like a shell language like bash rather than a traditional programming language like C++.  Each line is parsed into a command and arguments, and the command can be executed immediately without needing to wait for the entire input to be parsed.

Each argument can specify a different expression type (including a raw string)

COMMAND -> IDENTIFIER ARGUMENTS
COMMAND -> IDENTIFIER = ARGUMENT

ARGUMENTS -> ARGUMENT ARGUMENTS
ARGUMENTS -> ARGUMENT

ARGUMENT -> EXPRESSION              # A positional argument. 
ARGUMENT -> IDENTIFIER EXPRESSION   # A named argument with a single value
ARGUMENT -> IDENTIFIER EXPRESSIONS  # A named argument with multiple values

Commands are defined as a name and a set of arguments and the set of command definitions is passed into the parser.

# Expression Parser

The expression parser is an extended operator precedence parser that supports literals, strings with escape sequences, identifiers, and operators.  Delimiters like a comma are handled as binary operators with a low precedence to allow for parsing of argument lists.  The expression parser is called with a set of operator definitions that specify the precedence and associativity of each operator, as well as whether it can be used in prefix or infix positions.

The operator precedence parser operates using 2 states.  In the first state, it expects an expression, and in the second state, it expects an operator.  When it encounters an operator, it compares its precedence to the previous operator and decides whether to reduce or shift based on that comparison.  Some operators can be used in both prefix and infix positions, and the parser handles this by checking the current state to determine how to parse the operator.

When the parser is expecting an operator, but it gets a value instead this is not an error.  The remainder of the expression is treadted as a separate argument and the parser returns a list expressions rather than a single expression.  This allows for commands to have multiple arguments without needing to use a delimiter like a comma.

For brackets () [] and {} can be all used
For strings, '' "" and `` can all be used.  Escape sequences are supported in all string types, and the type of string is determined by the first character.

The scanner generates whitespace tokens, but the parser ignores them.

Operators supported include:

- Binary: EXPRESSION OPERATOR EXPRESSION
- Prefix: OPERATOR EXPRESSION
- Postfix: EXPRESSION OPERATOR
- Brackets: (EXPRESSION)
- Application: IDENTIFIER(EXPRESSION)







